The kindergartners liked the little girl brought a toy by her parents on the first day of UNK-INITC .
The kindergartners liked the little girl chosen a toy by her parents on the first day of UNK-INITC .
The kindergartners liked the little girl who was brought a toy by her parents j on the first day of UNK-INITC .
The kindergartners liked the little girl who was chosen a toy by her parents j on the first day of UNK-INITC .
We saw a movie about an artist painted a picture by her father while he was on his deathbed .
We saw a movie about an artist drawn a picture by her father while he was on his deathbed .
We saw a movie about an artist who was painted a picture by her father while he was on his deathbed .
We saw a movie about an artist who was drawn a picture by her father while he was on his deathbed .
The health officials pounced on a restaurant sent a shipment of salmon by a company that had failed to comply with refrigeration laws .
The health officials pounced on a restaurant flown a shipment of salmon by a company that had failed to comply with refrigeration laws .
The health officials pounced on a restaurant which was sent a shipment of salmon by a company that had failed to comply with refrigeration laws .
The health officials pounced on a restaurant which was flown a shipment of salmon by a company that had failed to comply with refrigeration laws .
At the dinner UNK-LC I met a man allowed the pleasure of eating sweets by his doctor .
At the dinner UNK-LC I met a man forbidden the pleasure of eating sweets by his doctor .
At the dinner UNK-LC I met a man who was allowed the pleasure of eating sweets by his doctor .
At the dinner UNK-LC I met a man who was forbidden the pleasure of eating sweets by his doctor .
One expects a man told his sins by his own god to have tolerance for weaknesses in others .
One expects a man forgiven his sins by his own god to have tolerance for weaknesses in others .
One expects a man who is told his sins by his own god to have tolerance for weaknesses in others .
One expects a man who is forgiven his sins by his own god to have tolerance for weaknesses in others .
An elderly gentleman addressed the woman offered a beer by the hostess .
An elderly gentleman addressed the woman given a beer by the hostess .
An elderly gentleman addressed the woman who was offered a beer by the hostess .
An elderly gentleman addressed the woman who was given a beer by the hostess .
UNK-INITC praised the professor taught Swahili lessons by a graduate student .
UNK-INITC praised the professor given Swahili lessons by a graduate student .
UNK-INITC praised the professor who was taught Swahili lessons by a graduate student .
UNK-INITC praised the professor who was given Swahili lessons by a graduate student .
The manager watched a waiter served pea soup by a trainee .
The manager watched a waiter given pea soup by a trainee .
The manager watched a waiter who was served pea soup by a trainee .
The manager watched a waiter who was given pea soup by a trainee .
James entertained the children dyed Easter eggs by their teachers .
James entertained the children hidden Easter eggs by their teachers .
James entertained the children who were dyed Easter eggs by their teachers .
James entertained the children who were hidden Easter eggs by their teachers .
The foreman yelled at a carpenter cut a board by his buddy .
The foreman yelled at a carpenter UNK-LC a board by his buddy .
The foreman yelled at a carpenter who was cut a board by his buddy .
The foreman yelled at a carpenter who was UNK-LC a board by his buddy .
The preschool teacher congratulated the little boy knitted a hat by his grandmother .
The preschool teacher congratulated the little boy sewn a hat by his grandmother .
The preschool teacher congratulated the little boy who was knitted a hat by his grandmother .
The preschool teacher congratulated the little boy who was sewn a hat by his grandmother .
The janitor chatted with the young man rented an apartment by his uncle .
The janitor chatted with the young man shown an apartment by his uncle .
The janitor chatted with the young man who was rented an apartment by his uncle .
The janitor chatted with the young man who was shown an apartment by his uncle .
The nurse admonished a student nabbed a muffin by her friends from the dining hall .
The nurse admonished a student stolen a muffin by her friends from the dining hall .
The nurse admonished a student who was nabbed a muffin by her friends from the dining hall .
The nurse admonished a student who was stolen a muffin by her friends from the dining hall .
The play centered around an innkeeper recited a verse by a travelling monk .
The play centered around an innkeeper sung a verse by a travelling monk .
The play centered around an innkeeper who was recited a verse by a travelling monk .
The play centered around an innkeeper who was sung a verse by a travelling monk .
The hotel owner questioned a guest brought a drink by the UNK-LC-y .
The hotel owner questioned a guest taken a drink by the UNK-LC-y .
The hotel owner questioned a guest who was brought a drink by the UNK-LC-y .
The hotel owner questioned a guest who was taken a drink by the UNK-LC-y .
The coach smiled at the player tossed a UNK-LC by the opposing team .
The coach smiled at the player thrown a UNK-LC by the opposing team .
The coach smiled at the player who was tossed a UNK-LC by the opposing team .
The coach smiled at the player who was thrown a UNK-LC by the opposing team .
The anthropologist interviewed a woman knitted a shawl by her mother .
The anthropologist interviewed a woman woven a shawl by her mother .
The anthropologist interviewed a woman who was knitted a shawl by her mother .
The anthropologist interviewed a woman who was woven a shawl by her mother .
The FBI questioned a congressman mailed a letter by the activist .
The FBI questioned a congressman written a letter by the activist .
The FBI questioned a congressman who was mailed a letter by the activist .
The FBI questioned a congressman who was written a letter by the activist .
The UNK-LC teased the accountant saved a coupon by her boss .
The UNK-LC teased the accountant given a coupon by her boss .
The UNK-LC teased the accountant who was saved a coupon by her boss .
The UNK-LC teased the accountant who was given a coupon by her boss .
The prophet spoke of a man planted a tree by his daughter .
The prophet spoke of a man grown a tree by his daughter .
The prophet spoke of a man who was planted a tree by his daughter .
The prophet spoke of a man who was grown a tree by his daughter .
