While the boy standing calmly by the doorway scratched the dog yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently in the shelves forgets the customer complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently by the blackboard lectured the student listened . 
While the girls attending camp for the summer raced the kids watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders over his shirt moved the boxes fell . 
As the author studying Babylon in ancient times wrote the book grew . 
As the people paying attention to the information watched the show stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly to get attention leave the dog sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school in the country visits the cousins talk . 
When the maid carrying socks and other items packs the bag breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease and other items turns the knob sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers to the principal tripped the student yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly in the field meet the coyote hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients against fraud cases studied the case languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply and very loudly searched the river rose . 
As the actors including Brando and other stars rehearsed the play improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice of the death refuses the money doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities at the party notice the actor departs . 
When the magician carrying torches and other objects tries to juggle the torches tumble . 
When the band playing songs for the guests left the hotel closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium to build reactors invaded the town disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts and other fruit ate the cake collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly in the forest hunt the birds scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills for the war lead the troops follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps and other moves practice the cheers improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully to the event parks the car stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness and proper care shifted the gears broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication for their sickness ride the horse bucks . 
Because the students visiting college in the spring observed the instructor paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife by the stream films the bear leaves . 
When the boys invading the house to steal jewelry struck the dog leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly scratched the dog sleeping peacefully yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently forgets the customer waiting below complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently lectured the student taking notes listened . 
While the girls attending camp raced the kids attending camp watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders moved the boxes lacking tape fell . 
As the author studying Babylon wrote the book describing Babylon grew . 
As the people paying attention watched the show documenting crimes stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly leave the dog barking loudly sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school visits the cousins attending prep school talk . 
When the maid carrying socks packs the bag containing socks breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease turns the knob needing grease sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers tripped the student delivering papers yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly meet the coyote prowling mischievously hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients studied the case involving fraud languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply searched the river roaring incessantly rose . 
As the actors including Brando rehearsed the play starring Brando improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice refuses the money earning interest doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities notice the actor playing Clinton departs . 
When the magician carrying torches tries to juggle the torches burning kerosene tumble . 
When the band playing songs left the hotel advertising entertainment closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium invaded the town mining uranium disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts ate the cake containing walnuts collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly hunt the birds singing mating songs scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills lead the troops learning wilderness skills follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps practice the cheers involving jumps improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully parks the car leaking oil stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness shifted the gears lacking lubrication broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication ride the horse taking medication bucks . 
Because the students visiting college observed the instructor demonstrating balance paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife films the bear catching salmon leaves . 
When the boys invading the house struck the dog guarding the house leapt . 
While the boy scratched the dog sleeping peacefully by the doorway yawned . 
If the clerk forgets the customer waiting below by the counter complains . 
As the doctor lectured the student taking notes in his notebook listened . 
While the girls raced the kids attending camp for the summer watched . 
When the worker moved the boxes lacking tape on their seams fell . 
As the author wrote the book describing Babylon in ancient times grew . 
As the people watched the show documenting crimes of famous mobsters stopped . 
Whenever the children leave the dog barking loudly to get attention sleeps . 
When the aunt visits the cousins attending prep school in the country talk . 
When the maid packs the bag containing socks and other items breaks . 
If the locksmith turns the knob needing grease and other attention sticks . 
Because the kids tripped the student delivering papers to the teacher yelled . 
When the trappers meet the coyote prowling mischievously in the field hunts . 
As the lawyers studied the case involving fraud against crash victims languished . 
While the divers searched the river roaring incessantly and very loudly rose . 
As the actors rehearsed the play starring Brando and other stars improved . 
If the heir refuses the money earning interest in the bank doubles . 
When the people notice the actor playing Clinton in the movie departs . 
When the magician tries to juggle the torches burning kerosene and other chemicals tumble . 
When the band left the hotel advertising entertainment for the guests closed . 
When the Martians invaded the town mining uranium to build reactors disappeared . 
While the guests ate the cake containing walnuts and various fruit collapsed . 
When the men hunt the birds singing mating songs in the forest scatter . 
Wherever the officers lead the troops learning wilderness skills for the war follow . 
If the cheerleaders practice the cheers involving jumps and other moves improve . 
When the chauffeur parks the car leaking oil and other fluids stalls . 
As the driver shifted the gears lacking lubrication and proper care broke . 
Whenever the children ride the horse taking medication for its temper bucks . 
Because the students observed the instructor demonstrating balance in the classroom paused . 
Whenever the crew films the bear catching salmon in the stream leaves . 
When the boys struck the dog guarding the house from possible trespassers leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly by the doorway scratched himself the dog yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently in the shelves forgets something the customer complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently by the blackboard lectured the nurse the student listened . 
While the girls attending camp for the summer raced the boys the kids watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders over his shirt moved the pails the boxes fell . 
As the author studying Babylon in ancient times wrote the essay the book grew . 
As the people paying attention to the information watched the screen the show stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly to get attention leave the house the dog sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school in the country visits family the cousins talk . 
When the maid carrying socks and other items packs for vacation the bag breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease and other items turns the key the knob sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers to the principal tripped the principal the student yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly in the field meet the wolf the coyote hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients against fraud cases studied the trial the case languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply and very loudly searched the ship the river rose . 
As the actors including Brando and other stars rehearsed the critical scene the play improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice of the death refuses the fortune the money doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities at the party notice his nametag the actor departs . 
When the magician carrying torches and other objects tries to juggle five objects the torches tumble . 
When the band playing songs for the guests left the town the hotel closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium to build reactors invaded Earth the town disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts and other fruit ate the pie the cake collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly in the forest hunt the deer the birds scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills for the war lead the dogs the troops follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps and other moves practice their parts the cheers improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully to the event parks behind the hotel the car stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness and proper care shifted out of second the gears broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication for their sickness ride the donkey the horse bucks . 
Because the students visiting college in the spring observed the newcomer the instructor paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife by the stream films the river the bear leaves . 
When the boys invading the house to steal jewelry struck the door the dog leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly scratched himself the dog sleeping peacefully yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently forgets something the customer waiting below complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently lectured the nurse the student taking notes listened . 
While the girls attending camp raced the boys the kids attending camp watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders moved the pails the boxes lacking tape fell . 
As the author studying Babylon wrote the essay the book describing Babylon grew . 
As the people paying attention watched the screen the show documenting crimes stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly leave the house the dog barking loudly sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school visits family the cousins attending prep school talk . 
When the maid carrying socks packs for vacation the bag containing socks breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease turns the key the knob needing grease sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers tripped the principal the student delivering papers yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly meet the wolf the coyote prowling mischievously hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients studied the trial the case involving fraud languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply searched the ship the river roaring incessantly rose . 
As the actors including Brando rehearsed the critical scene the play starring Brando improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice refuses the fortune the money earning interest doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities notice his nametag the actor playing Clinton departs . 
When the magician carrying torches tries to juggle five objects the torches burning kerosene tumble . 
When the band playing songs left the town the hotel advertising entertainment closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium invaded Earth the town mining uranium disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts ate the pie the cake containing walnuts collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly hunt the deer the birds singing mating songs scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills lead the dogs the troops learning wilderness skills follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps practice their parts the cheers involving jumps improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully parks behind the hotel the car leaking oil stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness shifted out of second the gears lacking lubrication broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication ride the donkey the horse taking medication bucks . 
Because the students visiting college observed the newcomer the instructor demonstrating balance paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife films the river the bear catching salmon leaves . 
When the boys invading the house struck the door the dog guarding the house leapt . 
While the boy scratched himself the dog sleeping peacefully by the doorway yawned . 
If the clerk forgets something the customer waiting below by the counter complains . 
As the doctor lectured the nurse the student taking notes in his notebook listened . 
While the girls raced the boys the kids attending camp for the summer watched . 
When the worker moved the pails the boxes lacking tape on their seams fell . 
As the author wrote the essay the book describing Babylon in ancient times grew . 
As the people watched the screen the show documenting crimes of famous mobsters stopped . 
Whenever the children leave the house the dog barking loudly to get attention sleeps . 
When the aunt visits family the cousins attending prep school in the country talk . 
When the maid packs for vacation the bag containing socks and other items breaks . 
If the locksmith turns the key the knob needing grease and other attention sticks . 
Because the kids tripped the principal the student delivering papers to the teacher yelled . 
When the trappers meet the wolf the coyote prowling mischievously in the field hunts . 
As the lawyers studied the trial the case involving fraud against crash victims languished . 
While the divers searched the ship the river roaring incessantly and very loudly rose . 
As the actors rehearsed the critical scene the play starring Brando and other stars improved . 
If the heir refuses the fortune the money earning interest in the bank doubles . 
When the people notice his nametag the actor playing Clinton in the movie departs . 
When the magician tries to juggle five objects the torches burning kerosene and other chemicals tumble . 
When the band left the town the hotel advertising entertainment for the guests closed . 
When the Martians invaded Earth the town mining uranium to build reactors disappeared . 
While the guests ate the pie the cake containing walnuts and various fruit collapsed . 
When the men hunt the deer the birds singing mating songs in the forest scatter . 
Wherever the officers lead the dogs the troops learning wilderness skills for the war follow . 
If the cheerleaders practice their parts the cheers involving jumps and other moves improve . 
When the chauffeur parks behind the hotel the car leaking oil and other fluids stalls . 
As the driver shifted out of second the gears lacking lubrication and proper care broke . 
Whenever the children ride the donkey the horse taking medication for its temper bucks . 
Because the students observed the newcomer the instructor demonstrating balance in the classroom paused . 
Whenever the crew films the river the bear catching salmon in the stream leaves . 
When the boys struck the door the dog guarding the house from possible trespassers leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly by the doorway scratched , the dog yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently in the shelves forgets , the customer complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently by the blackboard lectured , the student listened . 
While the girls attending camp for the summer raced , the kids watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders over his shirt moved , the boxes fell . 
As the author studying Babylon in ancient times wrote , the book grew . 
As the people paying attention to the information watched , the show stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly to get attention leave , the dog sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school in the country visits , the cousins talk . 
When the maid carrying socks and other items packs , the bag breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease and other items turns , the knob sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers to the principal tripped , the student yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly in the field meet , the coyote hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients against fraud cases studied , the case languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply and very loudly searched , the river rose . 
As the actors including Brando and other stars rehearsed , the play improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice of the death refuses , the money doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities at the party notice , the actor departs . 
When the magician carrying torches and other objects tries to juggle , the torches tumble . 
When the band playing songs for the guests left , the hotel closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium to build reactors invaded , the town disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts and other fruit ate , the cake collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly in the forest hunt , the birds scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills for the war lead , the troops follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps and other moves practice , the cheers improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully to the event parks , the car stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness and proper care shifted , the gears broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication for their sickness ride , the horse bucks . 
Because the students visiting college in the spring observed , the instructor paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife by the stream films , the bear leaves . 
When the boys invading the house to steal jewelry struck , the dog leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly scratched , the dog sleeping peacefully yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently forgets , the customer waiting below complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently lectured , the student taking notes listened . 
While the girls attending camp raced , the kids attending camp watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders moved , the boxes lacking tape fell . 
As the author studying Babylon wrote , the book describing Babylon grew . 
As the people paying attention watched , the show documenting crimes stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly leave , the dog barking loudly sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school visits , the cousins attending prep school talk . 
When the maid carrying socks packs , the bag containing socks breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease turns , the knob needing grease sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers tripped , the student delivering papers yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly meet , the coyote prowling mischievously hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients studied , the case involving fraud languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply searched , the river roaring incessantly rose . 
As the actors including Brando rehearsed , the play starring Brando improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice refuses , the money earning interest doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities notice , the actor playing Clinton departs . 
When the magician carrying torches tries to juggle , the torches burning kerosene tumble . 
When the band playing songs left , the hotel advertising entertainment closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium invaded , the town mining uranium disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts ate , the cake containing walnuts collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly hunt , the birds singing mating songs scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills lead , the troops learning wilderness skills follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps practice , the cheers involving jumps improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully parks , the car leaking oil stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness shifted , the gears lacking lubrication broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication ride , the horse taking medication bucks . 
Because the students visiting college observed , the instructor demonstrating balance paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife films , the bear catching salmon leaves . 
When the boys invading the house struck , the dog guarding the house leapt . 
While the boy scratched , the dog sleeping peacefully by the doorway yawned . 
If the clerk forgets , the customer waiting below by the counter complains . 
As the doctor lectured , the student taking notes in his notebook listened . 
While the girls raced , the kids attending camp for the summer watched . 
When the worker moved , the boxes lacking tape on their seams fell . 
As the author wrote , the book describing Babylon in ancient times grew . 
As the people watched , the show documenting crimes of famous mobsters stopped . 
Whenever the children leave , the dog barking loudly to get attention sleeps . 
When the aunt visits , the cousins attending prep school in the country talk . 
When the maid packs , the bag containing socks and other items breaks . 
If the locksmith turns , the knob needing grease and other attention sticks . 
Because the kids tripped , the student delivering papers to the teacher yelled . 
When the trappers meet , the coyote prowling mischievously in the field hunts . 
As the lawyers studied , the case involving fraud against crash victims languished . 
While the divers searched , the river roaring incessantly and very loudly rose . 
As the actors rehearsed , the play starring Brando and other stars improved . 
If the heir refuses , the money earning interest in the bank doubles . 
When the people notice , the actor playing Clinton in the movie departs . 
When the magician tries to juggle , the torches burning kerosene and other chemicals tumble . 
When the band left , the hotel advertising entertainment for the guests closed . 
When the Martians invaded , the town mining uranium to build reactors disappeared . 
While the guests ate , the cake containing walnuts and various fruit collapsed . 
When the men hunt , the birds singing mating songs in the forest scatter . 
Wherever the officers lead , the troops learning wilderness skills for the war follow . 
If the cheerleaders practice , the cheers involving jumps and other moves improve . 
When the chauffeur parks , the car leaking oil and other fluids stalls . 
As the driver shifted , the gears lacking lubrication and proper care broke . 
Whenever the children ride , the horse taking medication for its temper bucks . 
Because the students observed , the instructor demonstrating balance in the classroom paused . 
Whenever the crew films , the bear catching salmon in the stream leaves . 
When the boys struck , the dog guarding the house from possible trespassers leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly by the doorway scratched himself , the dog yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently in the shelves forgets something , the customer complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently by the blackboard lectured the nurse , the student listened . 
While the girls attending camp for the summer raced the boys , the kids watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders over his shirt moved the pails , the boxes fell . 
As the author studying Babylon in ancient times wrote the essay , the book grew . 
As the people paying attention to the information watched the screen , the show stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly to get attention leave the house , the dog sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school in the country visits family , the cousins talk . 
When the maid carrying socks and other items packs for vacation , the bag breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease and other items turns the key , the knob sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers to the principal tripped the principal , the student yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly in the field meet the wolf , the coyote hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients against fraud cases studied the trial , the case languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply and very loudly searched the ship , the river rose . 
As the actors including Brando and other stars rehearsed the critical scene , the play improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice of the death refuses the fortune , the money doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities at the party notice his nametag , the actor departs . 
When the magician carrying torches and other objects tries to juggle five objects , the torches tumble . 
When the band playing songs for the guests left the town , the hotel closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium to build reactors invaded Earth , the town disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts and other fruit ate the pie , the cake collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly in the forest hunt the deer , the birds scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills for the war lead the dogs , the troops follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps and other moves practice their parts , the cheers improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully to the event parks behind the hotel , the car stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness and proper care shifted out of second , the gears broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication for their sickness ride the donkey , the horse bucks . 
Because the students visiting college in the spring observed the newcomer , the instructor paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife by the stream films the river , the bear leaves . 
When the boys invading the house to steal jewelry struck the door , the dog leapt . 
While the boy standing calmly scratched himself , the dog sleeping peacefully yawned . 
If the clerk searching diligently forgets something , the customer waiting below complains . 
As the doctor standing confidently lectured the nurse , the student taking notes listened . 
While the girls attending camp raced the boys , the kids attending camp watched . 
When the worker wearing suspenders moved the pails , the boxes lacking tape fell . 
As the author studying Babylon wrote the essay , the book describing Babylon grew . 
As the people paying attention watched the screen , the show documenting crimes stopped . 
Whenever the children screaming loudly leave the house , the dog barking loudly sleeps . 
When the aunt attending grad school visits family , the cousins attending prep school talk . 
When the maid carrying socks packs for vacation , the bag containing socks breaks . 
If the locksmith carrying grease turns the key , the knob needing grease sticks . 
Because the kids delivering papers tripped the principal , the student delivering papers yelled . 
When the trappers hunting quietly meet the wolf , the coyote prowling mischievously hunts . 
As the lawyers defending clients studied the trial , the case involving fraud languished . 
While the divers breathing deeply searched the ship , the river roaring incessantly rose . 
As the actors including Brando rehearsed the critical scene , the play starring Brando improved . 
If the heir awaiting notice refuses the fortune , the money earning interest doubles . 
When the people seeking celebrities notice his nametag , the actor playing Clinton departs . 
When the magician carrying torches tries to juggle five objects , the torches burning kerosene tumble . 
When the band playing songs left the town , the hotel advertising entertainment closed . 
When the Martians seeking uranium invaded Earth , the town mining uranium disappeared . 
While the guests desiring walnuts ate the pie , the cake containing walnuts collapsed . 
When the men walking quietly hunt the deer , the birds singing mating songs scatter . 
Wherever the officers learning wilderness skills lead the dogs , the troops learning wilderness skills follow . 
If the cheerleaders planning jumps practice their parts , the cheers involving jumps improve . 
When the chauffeur driving carefully parks behind the hotel , the car leaking oil stalls . 
As the driver lacking conscientiousness shifted out of second , the gears lacking lubrication broke . 
Whenever the children taking medication ride the donkey , the horse taking medication bucks . 
Because the students visiting college observed the newcomer , the instructor demonstrating balance paused . 
Whenever the crew documenting wildlife films the river , the bear catching salmon leaves . 
When the boys invading the house struck the door , the dog guarding the house leapt . 
While the boy scratched himself , the dog sleeping peacefully by the doorway yawned . 
If the clerk forgets something , the customer waiting below by the counter complains . 
As the doctor lectured the nurse , the student taking notes in his notebook listened . 
While the girls raced the boys , the kids attending camp for the summer watched . 
When the worker moved the pails , the boxes lacking tape on their seams fell . 
As the author wrote the essay , the book describing Babylon in ancient times grew . 
As the people watched the screen , the show documenting crimes of famous mobsters stopped . 
Whenever the children leave the house , the dog barking loudly to get attention sleeps . 
When the aunt visits family , the cousins attending prep school in the country talk . 
When the maid packs for vacation , the bag containing socks and other items breaks . 
If the locksmith turns the key , the knob needing grease and other attention sticks . 
Because the kids tripped the principal , the student delivering papers to the teacher yelled . 
When the trappers meet the wolf , the coyote prowling mischievously in the field hunts . 
As the lawyers studied the trial , the case involving fraud against crash victims languished . 
While the divers searched the ship , the river roaring incessantly and very loudly rose . 
As the actors rehearsed the critical scene , the play starring Brando and other stars improved . 
If the heir refuses the fortune , the money earning interest in the bank doubles . 
When the people notice his nametag , the actor playing Clinton in the movie departs . 
When the magician tries to juggle five objects , the torches burning kerosene and other chemicals tumble . 
When the band left the town , the hotel advertising entertainment for the guests closed . 
When the Martians invaded Earth , the town mining uranium to build reactors disappeared . 
While the guests ate the pie , the cake containing walnuts and various fruit collapsed . 
When the men hunt the deer , the birds singing mating songs in the forest scatter . 
Wherever the officers lead the dogs , the troops learning wilderness skills for the war follow . 
If the cheerleaders practice their parts , the cheers involving jumps and other moves improve . 
When the chauffeur parks behind the hotel , the car leaking oil and other fluids stalls . 
As the driver shifted out of second , the gears lacking lubrication and proper care broke . 
Whenever the children ride the donkey , the horse taking medication for its temper bucks . 
Because the students observed the newcomer , the instructor demonstrating balance in the classroom paused . 
Whenever the crew films the river , the bear catching salmon in the stream leaves . 
When the boys struck the door , the dog guarding the house from possible trespassers leapt . 

